en_us_dedes~tr.d001~trShortCommemoration1.text,Publican and Pharisee
gr_gr_cog~tr.d001~trShortCommemoration1.text,Τελώνου καὶ Φαρισαίου
en_us_dedes~tr.d008~trShortCommemoration1.text,Prodigal Son
gr_gr_cog~tr.d008~trShortCommemoration1.text,Τοῦ Ἀσώτου
en_us_dedes~tr.d014~trShortCommemoration1.text,Saturday of Souls
gr_gr_cog~tr.d014~trShortCommemoration1.text,Ψυχοσάββατον
en_us_dedes~tr.d015~trShortCommemoration1.text,Meatfare
gr_gr_cog~tr.d015~trShortCommemoration1.text,Ἀποκρέω
en_us_dedes~tr.d021~trShortCommemoration1.text,Triodion: Holy Ascetics
gr_gr_cog~tr.d021~trShortCommemoration1.text,Τῶν ἐν Ἀσκήσει Λαμψάντων.
en_us_dedes~tr.d022~trShortCommemoration1.text,Cheesefare
gr_gr_cog~tr.d022~trShortCommemoration1.text,Τυρινῆς
en_us_dedes~tr.d023~trShortCommemoration1.text,Clean Monday
en_us_dedes~tr.d026~trShortCommemoration1.text,Lent 1: Wednesday Evening
en_us_dedes~tr.d028~trShortCommemoration1.text,St Theodore Tyro and Kolyva Miracle
gr_gr_cog~tr.d028~trShortCommemoration1.text,Τὸ διὰ Κολλύβων Θαῦμα τοῦ Ἁγίου Θεοδώρου τοῦ Τήρωνος
en_us_dedes~tr.d029~trShortCommemoration1.text,Sunday of Orthodoxy
gr_gr_cog~tr.d029~trShortCommemoration1.text,Κυριακὴ τῆς Ὀρθοδοξίας.
en_us_dedes~tr.d030~trShortCommemoration1.text,Pan-Orthodox Vespers
gr_gr_cog~tr.d030~trShortCommemoration1.text,Πανορθόδοξος Ἑσπερινός
en_us_dedes~tr.d036~trShortCommemoration1.text,St. Gregory Palamas
gr_gr_cog~tr.d036~trShortCommemoration1.text,Ἁγίου Γρηγορίου Παλαμᾶ
en_us_dedes~tr.d043~trShortCommemoration1.text,Veneration of the Cross
gr_gr_cog~tr.d043~trShortCommemoration1.text,Σταυροπροσκύνησις
en_us_dedes~tr.d050~trShortCommemoration1.text,St John Climacus
gr_gr_cog~tr.d050~trShortCommemoration1.text,Ἅγ. Ἰωάννης τῆς Κλίμακος
en_us_dedes~tr.d054~trShortCommemoration1.text,The Great Canon
gr_gr_cog~tr.d054~trShortCommemoration1.text,Ὁ Μέγας Κανών.
en_us_dedes~tr.d056~trShortCommemoration1.text,Akathist Hymn
gr_gr_cog~tr.d056~trShortCommemoration1.text,Σάββατον τοῦ Ἀκαθίστου
en_us_dedes~tr.d057~trShortCommemoration1.text,St. Mary of Egypt
en_us_dedes~tr.d063~trShortCommemoration1.text,Saturday of Lazarus
gr_gr_cog~tr.d063~trShortCommemoration1.text,Σάββατον τοῦ Λαζάρου
en_us_dedes~tr.d064~trShortCommemoration1.text,Palm Sunday
gr_gr_cog~tr.d064~trShortCommemoration1.text,Κυριακὴ τῶν Βαΐων
en_us_dedes~tr.d065~trShortCommemoration1.text,Holy Monday
gr_gr_cog~tr.d065~trShortCommemoration1.text,Ἁγία καὶ Μεγάλη Δευτέρα
en_us_dedes~tr.d066~trShortCommemoration1.text,Holy Tuesday
gr_gr_cog~tr.d066~trShortCommemoration1.text,Ἁγίας καὶ Μεγάλης Τρίτης
en_us_dedes~tr.d067~trShortCommemoration1.text,Holy Wednesday
gr_gr_cog~tr.d067~trShortCommemoration1.text,Ἁγίας καὶ Μεγάλης Τετάρτης
en_us_dedes~tr.d068~trShortCommemoration1.text,Holy Thursday
gr_gr_cog~tr.d068~trShortCommemoration1.text,Ἁγίας καὶ Μεγάλης Πέμπητς
en_us_dedes~tr.d069~trShortCommemoration1.text,Good Friday
gr_gr_cog~tr.d069~trShortCommemoration1.text,Ἁγίας καὶ Μεγάλης Παρασκευῆς
en_us_dedes~tr.d070~trShortCommemoration1.text,Holy Saturday
gr_gr_cog~tr.d070~trShortCommemoration1.text,Μεγάλου Σαββάτου
en_us_dedes~tr.d071~trShortCommemoration1.text,Holy Saturday
gr_gr_cog~tr.d071~trShortCommemoration1.text,Τῷ Ἁγίῳ καὶ Μεγάλῳ Σαββάτῳ
en_us_oca~tr.d026~trShortCommemoration1.text,Lent 1: Wednesday Evening
en_us_boyer~tr.d015~trShortCommemoration1.text,Meatfare